Hello, I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the module, Requirements Gathering in an Agile Environment,
in the course, Best Practices of Requirements Gathering.
Requirements Gathering in an Agile Environment: Module Overview.
We will be covering the following topics in the context of
your role of gathering requirements.
First, Agile Myths: Let's understand and dispel those misunderstandings.
The Agile Process and Philosophy: Just a quick primer here.
Basic Terms used by most Agile methodologies.
How to create and manage a Product Backlog.
Release Planning and Roadmaps and their importance.
User's Perception of Agile and how it may affect your success.
Why Agile Makes Users Nervous.
Educate your Users so they hopefully won't be so
unsure and cautious about Agile.
Key Collaboration Factors: These are key
communication soft skills you need to know.
And lastly, the Summary.
Requirements Gathering in an Agile Environment.
In the first module we learned about the fundamentals of requirements gathering.
In the second module we learned about several practical
tools to help you gather requirements.
In this module,
we will provide some context in how requirements gathering
can work within an Agile environment.
Every environment is different-with several 'shades of
gray' as to how agile they might be, maybe not agile at all.
We will explore some requirements gathering techniques that
can assist you regardless of the amount of agility that may exist in your environment.